documentation: Add SQL Request on index_data in known inssue (#657)
centreon/centreon-documentation: fr/graph-views/known-issues.md

| Deleting images on the Centreon central server is not instantaneously applied to desktop client                                                                                                                            | Restart the desktop client so deleted image(s) disappear                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| When you create a gauge with a width &lt; 200 and height &lt;80 the result displayed may differ between the web & desktop clients.                                                                                         | Adjust the size of the gauge.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | Polygon resize may not work as expected                                                                                                                                                                                    | We advice you to recreate them if the rendering fails on the web client                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Vous avez atteinds le maximum d'id dans la table centreon_storage.index_data | Jouer la requête suivante dans MySQL / MariaDB :<br /> `ALTER TABLE index_data MODIFY id bigint unsigned AUTO_INCREMENT;`<br /> `ALTER TABLE metrics MODIFY index_id bigint unsigned;`<br /> Selon la volumétrie de vos métriques, cette opération peut être plus ou moins longue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Polygon resize may not work as expected                                                                                                                                                                                    | We advice you to recreate them if the rendering fails on the web client
|
| Vous avez atteint le maximum d'id dans la table centreon_storage.index_data | Exécutez la requête suivante dans MySQL / MariaDB :<br /> `ALTER TABLE index_data MODIFY id bigint unsigned AUTO_INCREMENT;`<br /> `ALTER TABLE metrics MODIFY index_id bigint unsigned;`<br /> Selon la volumétrie de vos métriques, cette opération peut être plus ou moins longue.
```
